(Linpei)

Main function: Email Subscription / Unsubscription

1. Subscribing the news letter
    User needs to provide following information, which will be in a form.        
        A: Email address user would like to use to receive the newsletter. (Required)
        B: Preferred language(s) for the entries to receive in emails. (Required)
        C: email frequency - how often User wants to receive the emails. (Bi-weekly is set by default.)

    .1 User inputs the both of the required fields, which means email and preferred languages. Email frequency has the default value.

        .1 All of the fields are valid 
            .1 System saves users' information
            .2 System shows the confirmation message. 
 
        .2 At least one of required fields are invalid or blank
            .1 System showed the error info and instructions next to the the input fields
            .2 User re-enters the valid fields
            .3 Go to #1

        .3 Users abort subscribing
            .1 System return to the previous page where the user is. 

        .4 System fails / network problem / other reasons causing time-out
            .1 Display error message.

2. Unsubscribing the news letter
    User needs to provide email which is valid and used to subscribe the news letter in Winged Words
    .1 Unsubscribing from website
        
        .1 User needs to enter the email

            .1 Both of the conditions are not met
                .1 System shows error msg
                .2 User re-enters email
                .3 System goes to step 2.1.1

            .2 Both of the conditions are met
                .1 System removes this email from email list
                .2 System pops up the confirmation msg

        .2 User cancels unsubscribing
            .1 System return to the previous page where the user is.

        .3 System fails / network problem / other reasons causing time-out
            .1 Display error message.

    .2 Unsubscribing from email
        .1 System removes this email from email list
        .2 System directs user to a webpage showing the confirmation.
