Required data
v5
------------------------------
time_frame
A : time period
    a specific time period ("past day/week/month")
    a time frame
    a search constraint: "Show me records made within this time frame."

orig_lang
B:  original language
    the language of the original
    the language in which the phrase first originated 
    e.g. the original language of the "Happy Birthday" song is English

search_phrase
C:  the text of the search phrase, the phrase the user wants to translate
    "Show me available entries that are the equivalent of this phrase"
    "Show me phrases that are equivalent to this search phrase"
    "Show me the phrases whose verbatim is the same as the verbatim of this phrase"
    "Show me what you have for the 'Happy Birthday' song"

    the text of the entry being created
    the text of the new entry the user is creating
    "I am creating this entry for this language"
    "I am creating an entry for the 'Happy Birthday' song, the entry will be in English" 

lang_interest
D:  the language of interest

    the language(s) in which the user wants to receive entries in the newsletter

    the source language of the search phrase, 
    the language in which you enter the search phrase
    [140611w: I begin to doubt whether there is any need for this
    since the language in which the search phrase is entered
    could be autodetected]

    The Language in which to create the new entry.
    The language in which the new entry will be created.
    The language of the entry being created.
    "I am creating an entry for the 'Happy Birthday' song, the entry will be in English" 

target_lang
E:  the target language(s), the language in which to look for entries 
    // if more than one TL -- use a checkbox
    "Show me entries in this language"

locale_lang
F:  user's locale's language, as detected by the system if the user fails to give B
    the language of the browser
    the language of the "Accept-Language" header
    [140612th: I have doubts as to the need for this also]

G:  a search for entries where:
    A = the value entered by the user (e.g. "past day")
    B1 = the original language

H:  a search for entries where:
    A = the value entered by the user (e.g. "past day")
    B1 = the language in which the phrase was entered when the entry was first created

I:  a search in which the system is using F as B1

J:  a search in which the system is using F as the language in which the phrase was entered when the entry was first created 

K:  the system will try a search using F and asking the user to give B2

L:  the system will ask for A and use F as B1

M:  the system will ask the user to give both A and B2          

N:  a search when the user has no search phrase 
    i.e. the user just wants to search for some entries in one language
    User asks a search for entries for A for B1 and B2.

O:  a search using a search phrase, 
    i.e the user has a search phrase and wants to find a translation of the phrase

P:  the user will give B2

ogir_phrase
Q:  the original phrase. 
    the phrase that has been authenticated as the original phrase, not as a translation
    the phrase which is used for translations.
    the one and only phrase that is the source of translations
    the phrase used to measure how good translations are.

translation
R:  translation. 
    the phrase that has been authenticated as a translation of an original phrase
    entries that are translations of Q.

unauthent
S:  unathenticated entry.
    a phrase/entry that is NOT YET authenticated as an original or a translation.

auth_stat
T:  Authenticity status
    the status of an entry in terms of whether it's one of the three: Q, R, or S.

equiv_entry
U:  Equivalent entry
    an entry whose verbatim is similar to C

retrieved_entry
V:  Entry that is retrieved during the search for U's [equiv_entries] while creating a new entry
    A list of these entries is displayed to the user as he enters the search_phrase text
    One of these entries must be picked by the user to be authenticated as:
        the orig_phrase of the search_phrase for which the user is creating and entry
        a translation of the orig_phrase for which the user is creating an entry
        another [variant] translation of the search_phrase for which the user is creating an entry 
    Each of these entries has a radio button for the user to pick to link to the entry he is making 

user_email
W:  user's email
    
    the email the user uses to subscribe for newsletter

    the email the user gives as he registers in the system

pers_info
X:  Personal info

    the optional info user can enter at registration stage
    things like name, gender, country, professional area, etc.

username
Y:  Username
    the handle the user gives to be known in the system

password
Z:  Password
    the password the user gives to register in the system

