v4.

// the business rules must talk about principles in definite measurable terms

BR001 - The system administrator role must have access to all the four basic functions of persistent storage (CRUD).

BR002 - The registered user role must have access to functions "create", "retrieve", and "update".

BR003 - The unregistered user role must have access only to "retrieve".

BR004 - Every translation must must have a comments section.

BR005 - Translations must be chronologically sorted


BR006 - The registered user receives the notification emails regarding the new entries in the languages that he/she
	interested in by default for a period of time.

BR007 - The unregisted user can subsribe/unsubsribe the notification emails.

BR008 - The registered user can unsubribe the notification emails.

BR009 - The system use the tranlation API, foreign language input API and spell checking API, those APIs are free available for developer.

BR010 - The interface language of the system is English. 

BR011 - At the first stage, English, Russian and Chinese Simplify are the available languages for both source language 
	and target language. 

BR012 - In order to make a search for translations the user must specify at least the phrase itself.

BR013 - The user can make a search for translations in one or more TL's (target languages)

BR014 - In order to login the user must provide a valid email and password.

BR015 - If a user creates an entry in a language for which the db doesn'tran have a table yet, the db must create it.

BR016 - the source of the phrase will be:
        - a work of literature
            - novel
            - poem
            - drama
            - short story
            - novella
        - performing arts
            - music
            - opera
            - theater
            - film
        - public speaking
            - speech
            - lecture

BR017. No bad words in user names or comments
BR018. Bad words are OK in the entries
BR019. A warning will be on the webpage to notify uses that some entries may contain mature content or coarse language
BR020. When an entry is made in Language X, it will add the newsletter sending to all users who knows X and sere subscribed to the email list 
BR021. There are four types of user status:
-   Active
-   Inactive
-   Blocked
-   Deactivated
BR022. User must be able to deactivate the account
BR023. Garbage input will not be saved.
BR024. One user can like/dislike a translate entry only once a day
BR025. User will be blocked for flooding ads & comments
BR026. Flagged users get automatic warning email
BR027. If translation doesn’t’ exit, user can make a request. Then the system will send the users whose emails are in the email list and interested in the languages in the request.
BR028. Native speakers get authority status
BR029. Entry will have style mark, like slang, song, and movie and so on.

BR030. Translations will be rated by the system of likes/upvotes-downvotes.
BR031. If the user wants to create a new language, the system will do it.
BR032. Before the system will create a new language table, it will check it for availability and validity. 
BR033. Every newsletter will have a link to unsubscribe.
BR034. User will be able to create a reference link between an original phrase and each of its copies. // That way the system will not have to rely on making the verbatim translation when searching for copies.
