v2

Authenticity status (T)

    the status of an entry in terms of whether it's one of the three: 
    an original phrase, 
    a translation, 
    or an unathenticated entry.

Browse

    the type of search when a user enters no search phrase
    user just gives the system search parameters like Time Frame, Authenticity Status, Target Language

Entry Set

    a collection of the Original Phrase and all its available translations into all available languages
        e.g. Happy Birthday and all its translations in Russian, Mandarin, French etc.
    An entry set has a subset for each available language 
        e.g.    Russian subset is a collection of all the Russian translations
                French subset is a collection of all the French translations etc.

Equivalent entry (U)

    an entry whose verbatim is similar to the verbatim of the search phrase

GT - Google Translate

Language of Interest

    the language of interest
    the language(s) in which the user wants to receive entries in the newsletter

Literary

    a literary translation, satisfies the requirements of literary work

Lookup
    
    the type of search when the user has a search phrase and wants to find equivalent entries

Original language (B)

    the language of the original
    the language in which the phrase first originated 
    e.g. the original language of the "Happy Birthday" song is English

Original phrase (Q)

    the phrase that has been authenticated as the original phrase, not as a translation
    the phrase which is used for translations.
    the one and only phrase that is the source of translations
    the phrase used to measure how good translations are.

Search
    
    search of the database, of 2 types: "Browse" and "Lookup"

Search phrase (C)

    1)  the text of the search phrase, the phrase the user wants to translate
        the phrase the user uses to make a Lookup
        "Show me available entries that are the equivalent of this phrase"
        "Show me phrases that are equivalent to this search phrase"
        "Show me the phrases whose verbatim is the same as the verbatim of this phrase"
        "Show me what you have for the 'Happy Birthday' song"

    2)  the text of the entry being created
        the text of the new entry the user is creating
        "I am creating this entry for this language"
        "I am creating an entry for the 'Happy Birthday' song, the entry will be in English" 

Source Language (D)

    the language in which the users input phrase and want to get the translation in other language.
    2)  the source language of the search phrase, 
        the language in which you enter the search phrase
        [140611w: I begin to doubt whether there is any need for this
        since the language in which the search phrase is entered
        could be autodetected]

    3)  The Language in which to create the new entry.
        The language in which the new entry will be created.
        The language of the entry being created.
        "I am creating an entry for the 'Happy Birthday' song, the entry will be in English" 

Target Language (E)

    the target language(s), the language in which to look for entries 
    // if more than one TL -- use a checkbox
    "Show me entries in this language"

Time frame (A)

    a search parameter
    a specific time period ("past day/week/month")
    a time period within which the entry was created
    a search constraint: "Show me records made within this time frame."

Translation (R)

    the phrase that has been authenticated as a translation of an original phrase
    entries that are translations of Q.

Unathenticated Entry (S)

    a phrase/entry that is NOT YET authenticated as an original or a translation.

User's Locale Language (F)

    user's locale's language, as detected by the system if the user fails to give B
    the language of the browser
    the language of the "Accept-Language" header
    [140612th: I have doubts as to the need for this also]

Verbatim
    
    a verbatim (word-for-word) translation
    to be done by the Bing API






















