v2
/*
Effective vision will:
    provide a shared understanding of the problem to be solved;
    unify the various stakeholder perspectives:
        in order to achieve a truly collaborative and cooperative working environment when:
            stakeholder representatives are actively involved in the project
            we can assess whether real progress is being made
            we can manage the project scope
            we can validate the decisions made in the day-to-day running of the project
            we have effective communication among stakeholders
*/

SYSTEM VISION 

    One of the main things in human life is communication.
    Our speech is the primary means of communication.
    Our speech consists of units which are words and phrases which can be divided into 2 categories:
        
        words and phrases that have been in the language for a long time (e.g. proverbs and sayings)
            
            they have been collected into dictionaries both physical and digital and made available in bookstores and online

        words and phrases that appear in our speech continuously with every coming year e.g. phrases from books and films, i.e. phrases created by authors, actors, playwrights. People use them sometimes without realizing that they are quoting a book or a movie or a line from a song.


    These words and phrases from the second category are born and enter our speech every year and they begin a life of their own or "take flight" and therefore they are called "winged words". 

    Some of these "winged words" are out low descent (slang) others lofty (classic books and poetry) but they all carry culture in themselves. 

    Unline the usual words and phrases can't be easily captured in a dictionary so they mainly exist only in verbal speech. Winged therefore volatile. Not really expedient to put it into a dictionary. What are the Choice criteria: If you include one then why not the other? Dilemma: either none of them or all of them. If all of them then it's like.... Because they're it's no end to it. 
    Goal: help communication and mutual understanding of nations. 
    Winged Word Master. WWM.



PRODUCT POSITION STATEMENT
/*
It is the one good reason why we are building the system
It is the key element of the vision
It reminds us about all of the things we must consider when we establish a vision for our system
it gives everyone of us a common high-level understanding of what our system does.
*/

Problem statement.

    The problem of 

        lack of medium to 
        save and provide language translations for 
        such volatile but self-existent units of speech as 
        winged words and phrases that are present in different languages and cultures
        and that are significant carriers of the contemporary culture of different people groups  

    affects

        mutual understanding between people of different nations and cultures

    the impact of which is

        language and culture barriers 
            hampering mutual understanding between nations and cultures and
            contributing to inter-racial, inter-ethnic and inter-cultural tensions in the society.

    A successful solution would

        help overcome the language and culture barriers and shocks
        by providing an open-end[?] online public database for the continuous process of 

            (1) saving winged words from different languages and cultures
            (2) providing adequate translations for the winged words into different languages
            (3) querying the entries while doing translation work or studying


Winged Word Master 
WWM